README.md, before:

# Priors by Stock

## Workshop demo

Four special *Workshop* demos have been prepared that are useful both as
SOFIA-TAF tutorials and for testing the VRE setup before workshops. The features
of a Workshop demo is that it:

* Is very light (<1 MB) and contains no results.
* Includes a `script.R` that runs `taf.bootstrap()` and `sourceAll()`.
* Has a description label 'VRE demo' which makes them easy to find when
  searching on GitHub.

The `script.R` runs the full analysis, which takes around 10-30 mins. At the end
of the analysis, a `report` folder contains plots showing the results.

The four Workshop demos are:

1. [Effort Shared](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopEffortShared)
2. [Effort by Stock](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopEffortByStock)
3. [Index by Stock](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopIndexByStock)
4. [Priors by Stock](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopPriorsByStock)

## VRE tests

For the purposes of VRE tests, a run is successful if it produces a `report`
folder containing at least one PDF file.

Note that the VRE can also produce some "engine noise", warnings that are
related to the VRE configuration and do not prevent successful SOFIA-TAF runs.

## Further information

See [sofia-taf/doc](https://github.com/sofia-taf/doc#readme) and the [SOFIA-TAF
tutorial](https://github.com/sofia-taf/doc/blob/main/sofia_taf_tutorial.md).

This demo is a special Workshop version of
[2022Area31DemoEffortShared](https://github.com/sofia-taf/2022Area31DemoEffortShared).

Commit message:

Comment on warnings and errors

README.md, after:

# Effort Shared

## Workshop demo

Four special *Workshop* demos have been prepared that are useful both as
SOFIA-TAF tutorials and for testing the VRE setup before workshops. The features
of a Workshop demo is that it:

* Is very light (<1 MB) and contains no results.
* Includes a `script.R` that runs `taf.bootstrap()` and `sourceAll()`.
* Has a description label 'VRE demo' which makes them easy to find when
  searching on GitHub.

The `script.R` runs the full analysis, which takes around 10-30 mins. At the end
of the analysis, a `report` folder contains plots showing the results.

The four Workshop demos are:

1. [Effort Shared](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopEffortShared)
2. [Effort by Stock](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopEffortByStock)
3. [Index by Stock](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopIndexByStock)
4. [Priors by Stock](https://github.com/sofia-taf/WorkshopPriorsByStock)

## VRE tests

Note that a variety of warnings and errors may be shown, but for the purposes of
VRE tests, a run is successful if it produces a `report` folder containing at
least one PDF file.

## Further information

See [sofia-taf/doc](https://github.com/sofia-taf/doc#readme) and the [SOFIA-TAF
tutorial](https://github.com/sofia-taf/doc/blob/main/sofia_taf_tutorial.md).

This demo is a special Workshop version of
[2022Area31DemoEffortShared](https://github.com/sofia-taf/2022Area31DemoEffortShared).
